USER WORKFLOWS

SCRIPT-FIRST USER WORKFLOW

Script → Breakdown → Assets → Storyboard → Pre-Vis → Production



The user wants to start with a script and in some
combination have the AI assist, but there are many
combinations and workflow sequences possible after
the user pastes the script, so what the app will
provide is a framework for user activity to happen
in.

	The app will automatically take care of parsing
	the screenplay into scenes and characters into
	chips in the script editor 
	based on scene headings and character names,
	which it does right now. The app will be
	project-entity-forward which means that as soon as it sees
	it in the script it will add it as an entry in
	locations, characters, scenes, etc.

	project entities: characters,locations,wardrobe items,
	etc.

If the user pastes parts of a script with new
scenes, the app will notify the user to say
"there is a new character and location".
(Note: requires addition of alertCGFlash() which is a
flash alert box).

What should the app take care of automatically and
how should it guide the user?

The film production is in different states in the
app different areas: - The screenplay is pasted,
but where will the user want to go from there?

1. User pastes script into script editor

A --> script editor was empty.
user has no shots and storyboard frames defined and set up 

B--> user has shots and storyboard frames set up
from existing script (or script that was pasted over)

Next step for app:
	- App autoupdates scenes count, reconciles
	differences from current scene count and asks
	users how to resolve ambiguous changes from
	state of script before paste operation.
	It notifies the user with an update to the status
	bar.

		(Note: - Script editor needs undo manager so that
		if the user wants to go back, Command+z is
		all that is needed)

2. User wants to make breakdown sheet/shot list
for scenes. Has various options.

	Issue:  Setting up the project entities
	in the project file is different than having
	the actual assets.  Generating and procuring
	the actual assets.
	
	References Finder in the 


- Automatic: AI goes through script,
annotates with Char,Prop,Ward,SFX,Location,VFX. -
Manual: User goes through script and annotates.

	MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Before any storyboard
	frame is generated in a scene, the app should
	require a minimum set of settings, including
	uploaded or generated images for 1) location
	guide for the scene - backdrops informing the
	scene from all necessary angles 2) character
	guide for the scene - full-body portrait and
	profile, and close-up with wardrobe and
	hairstyle 3) Time of day (analyzed by the AI
	as to whether it is applicable) 4) Weather
	(analyzed by the AI as to whether it is
	applicable)


3. User wants to make storyboard frames -
Automatic: AI goes through shots and decides how
many storyboard frames per shot
